Add warning on desired balancer heuristics (#102633)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/modules/cluster/shards_allocation.asciidoc

Defaults to `1.0f`. Raising this value will cause {es} to stop rebalancing
shards sooner, leaving the cluster in a more unbalanced state.

[NOTE]
====
* It is not recommended to adjust the values of the heuristics settings. The

> default values are generally good, and other values could improve the current
> balance but create other balancing issues in the future if the cluster or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
default values are generally good, and although different values may improve the current
balance it is possible that they create problems in the future if the cluster or
```
